but in a couple of three days the war will end good afternoon little people good afternoon how are your guys near Kyiv it’s normal that they still took kiev they will be able to soon, soon [laugh] come on don’t laugh dacha remember you’re a sin for me it’s a laugh you know it smell it all the same, I’ll take it, it wasn’t there, how did they throw it up there wasn’t anyone like that, didn’t you say so, we didn’t say two, yes, they didn’t say yes, they also threatened with their souls and where are the guys now, well, how are they now Kherson under he will do a cleanup and quietly the sides of Kyiv from the tedx attic they went near kiev they didn’t get to ukraine well marinka didn’t work out it didn’t work out and even how many of them the guys also slowly everything will start but your guys are still alive or have already died they are all alive not just here I know that there, they phoned the day before yesterday, they say some Ukrainian corpses lie strewn in general like a month ok, but look, you were shouting hostomel there, yes, we never shouted, we never shout, we used to  I never shout crazy in
fact, only we are in fact, but
tell me how we haven’t
seen each other for three or four weeks,
since the defecation of
demilitarization is going on, it’s simplified normally your
this don-don that you can pull out
remember don-don says this  your image of the
city is yours yours has not started this
Ukrainian of your large surnames he still ate in the
room all the time he told her don
don don don there they will cut the leg of Rusny
and everything rotted it is also on Kadyrov’s breed
they would have shown someone leftist man
already everything is already gone  and how your Skobeeva
look even sooner and I love her so I’m
so life
ideas it’s your evening now until the
end I love her I listen with cream
litters the brain and it’s good for you not
she just
tell the truth yes but maybe
this  that the bracket will cut them off, we are deceiving, it’s not
always true where she gets this
truth from, but
through, let’s say,
our correspondents who are there, along
with the troops and troops, move there, maybe they
are deceiving  no-no-no-no they all
really shoot in real time and
send it to us, and that is,
how much a day do you watch Skobeeva
once in the evening
time 1 time down how much is found it is
7 hours 7 hours after all, how much time
does Skobeeva go alone  an hour an hour if you
don’t have enough hours to zombify the
date
you need, you didn’t tell me I didn’t
zombify this treatment treatment treatment
for what
from fascists from fascists rather heals you
from fascism
Buryats
you are a born fascist glued them together my
treatment is a procession then in Ukraine you will
eat every minute  here you are watching this, we are
watching and we are being treated for fascism so
that we don’t have fascism, you understand us, so
it means you are sick, they developed us handed out
that how bad it is when there are fascists
look at the fascists on board the seas was
cleans it’s good yes well, look
who is being treated  who is sick is true, but
give a little, but it means that since you are
treating, then you are sick of fascism
with something, so in this case, I say yes, a little bit
like that, that is, Russia in  still
a little bit infected with fascism so it turns out no
no such nothing from what she is being treated
all there maybe a cold or or or this
vaccine yet from fascism no no yet
early viruses of the shelter everything is done we are not
afraid I’m not talking about given I’m not afraid
about fascism
it’s just that there shouldn’t be fascism, that’s
why they tell us more and
it’s fascists if somewhere something someone
wakes up we’re so dumb on the head everything is
not fascism good remains
our troops the pole is fighting against fascism
in Ukraine liberates Ukrainians
is going to go,
for example
you are there  fascists are shorter than google technologies
and not why is the whole world against russia for
ukraine euro america everything yes they have always
been against russia here it should not be
surprised it turns out they are
all cars around
so they themselves are passing
well the whole world which is in favor of ukraine that is the
germans  taxi fascists humanely minced out
they are the most [ __ ] thugs in general, the training ground is
clean and
who are the poles fascists
pole oh of course ok you know why I
wait  and that means why the Poles a6 why
because from
time immemorial all the time they got pizdeli
from Russians therefore they are against us
fascists they are with the fascists a chance together
against us and themselves to be afraid and
because they are pizdos from Russians and plus
in general the Buryats
dreamed you [ __ ] Russian men I
let's live in russia and let's look
further I want a list of the existence of the
British fascists the British
yes they are now yes they are, as it were,
Serbs fascists Serbs not from the
company for us organs of organs they are not
fascists like not from you understood let's
go further which Greeks fascists this too  for
us, the Greeks are not a fascist, they call
okay, let's belarus, we are clearly
Belarus, not a fascist, Belarusians, this is for
skiing and stations, fascists, yeah, these are fascists
until Wednesday, the Finns, the fascists, there are no Swedes,
there is no hair
dryer,
and who is against, they never supported
these fascists, and the Swedes bridges, they are the same
firms came, they were wearing a mask,
they were talking that meeting took place,
they said they wouldn’t be there yet, why the Poles are a
fascist  you and the Swedes are not fascists
but because they are not in any
direction the
fascists before the French it's all over
Russia is against us they are all a fascist
preparing everything out of a shift this is everyone who is
against russia so with her so everyone against
whom russia is fascism
so we’re not all right then they will all
later regret how they will regret making them
up and well, when all this is this
this company will end they will all later
regret it
do you like mushrooms with me for the volume and cook me, I
just repeat, well, repeat the silence now he
says
coughing, I will
say
[music]
better closer
something happened before the reports, the head in the
form of Skobeev didn’t look at the
spasm, I’ll look, I’ll fly from the marinka
, the Americans say to you 300  millions were
prepared with money and
helped help aid for ukraine, so that
you fight well with russia and so and this is
bad or something me up i said what it threatens to say
i’m just not interested it’s good but
they gave us it  and somewhere it’s not bad, well, they’re
armaments for you to substitute Maria and
there’s no base and it was
n’t interesting at all,
as you know, Skobeeva so
brainwashed you, we
perceive the world so interestingly, I like you as a
character such an interlocutor it’s very
interesting if I will  to tell all the
time you until then you will also soon believe more
chainy with consent if so listen to
scribe him or listen to those who listen to
Skobeev so it’s contagious, because it seems that they entered
and it’s good that they coughed me through the monitor from the
ruby, I also started there
America became dolan before you  it won’t come,
look how, but
some girls told me that not in the
town of Aleysk, there are 28 thousand people,
so there the Uinsky part for 4 or 5 thousand
and
200 mushrooms came, and in your town
right lying around they gave from 200 grams yes
there can’t be a
father and  uncle, why don’t we know, maybe it’s
burning, chewing Buryats, you can go far more this
is the Altai Territory, the Thai appeared,
ask the Welsh to call mom, do you
have an adult, call him  he
’ll need a call for it
and
my mother works in the hospital there, too, there are a
lot of wounded they
were just tanks near Chernihiv once under distribution they
were under distribution the Ukrainians are fighting
well well well trained that
’s why the page for some reason they all surrender to me in packs
of 1000 people  and how many thousands
have already surrendered,
but thousands and thirty people left Azov, then a
few packs,
you packs of a thousand as much as we want,
then one hundred and sixty-seven three times,
hand over a thousand, tell me a thousand,
boredom, but one time 1000,
that's how much the total  prisoners by ukraine
how many prisoners have a chance to escape for 8 and
pliant and more often for three and a half
prisoners of war they don’t know where to put them and
there are a lot of those killed among the killed
I won’t say exactly how many wounded I can still
say 700 something people more than
500 only 500 wounded  and
where so many splashes 30 captives surrendered,
this is already how much it will be
1530,
well, do not count and read and hear plus
three times 160 to 80 glades surrendered yet
today they still surrendered somewhere near Kherson, here is a showing they are walking straight across the field, all their hands are raised, and one soldier says sorry for the cat of these Ukrainian soldiers for whom they are fighting for what they are fighting for, no one knows them, they just threw them one major says yes at a glance they just threw it on fire even than to fight gdz cartridges, it’s not like that, you say that America gives a bunch of weapons now the video soldiers are surrendering because I’m another scientist if they talk like that in captivity, and maybe it shows you this way and specifically the prisoners are forced to say this by no one drinks, doesn’t feed, dresses, helps the wounded, but look while your guys were near Kyiv, so this is just a bucha, you can see a beard, it turns out that way, but it’s a bucha, it’s yours, everything was not so sound, showing, wait, they stood there, save these troops where your children were him stood under a pile, I don’t know, a few or torture, and that is, methane walls, the prize turns out to be your children, so they raped women, they killed Tagile, they determined  os and for some reason, that is, not an
act, our children have never been so evenly and have not been
engaged in why especially the Buryats don’t
kill, they kill us, it’s scary,
it respects them
very much, it respects well, that is, it turns out that they
raped the Russians, so your Buryats
just the amount of Russian load also
respects people,
this is most likely  it’s the Ukrainians on it,
that is, on the air, dressed on the air, dressed
during the occupation, so yes, during the period
they themselves say they changed clothes, the schedule of
civilian killings went, that is, the
right to shoot, that is, when the
Russian troops were in the bucha, the
Ukrainians dressed up as their Russians and
smoothly and yes, and  they went there
marauding there he was sewing, then
washing machines there everyone in the refrigerator dragged
cars loaded deluna game if you
numbers and took them away look so they
were taken to belarus tass
there is a
video so where in the Belarusian mail it
loads Russian soldiers loads the
loot so that no one  don’t
rub it, but where can you see it
?
killed, of course, it
shows that your soldiers and then they were
hooked in with ropes dragged along the
road, then they filmed it, what is
it proven in, so don’t worry,
everything is fine, it’s window dressing, everyone has already
exposed everything is fine, this is
Skobeeva, I told you why Skobeeva is
not this brace  openly foreign
media which
were the French and also the British this is the one
so they are fascists
I don’t know probably it’s normal this is
positive I understand you told me
cifre the
British fascists
in Ukraine are also not all fascists and there is
also normal
there almost everyone is normal only here  your
children are fascists because they came our
children are not hst f  ashists yes, that is, they
came to kill people opinion to seize
oil and save the conditions how much
let's see mariupol how many children have already been killed
varya were
not killed at all not a single
civilian did not die my knees and they
do not kill soldiers at all
and where do all these people and the
dead go  why doesn’t the Ukrainians die of fear
from outlived the faithful Ukrainians
shell them all the time
under the bombing come across they die she
waves and shoots around the world and shoots me
you all add and we are all scumbags
to bomb the bomb there scumbags there over the bat
would
you be juicy and who then killed so many
people mariupol
Ukrainian soldier killed this is you Skobeeva
told no well and it's me
alexander kots this military pocket
showed us here he is more likely now if not
just look around with Kobe, this is
progress,
but you also talked to me three or
four weeks ago.  ogres
started a little do no naka no kage find
look cough give a little yes he
climbs climbs some kind of nastiness from the
middle of the type of fascist labors
maybe but look, it started to happen on
inspecting, but how do you
think that the Buryats indicate that Ukrainians and Russians
alone  people
yes, why,
well, why are the faiths the same there,
you look you live in Buryatia you
were once in Ukraine in the
eighty-eighty-second year was
in the 700th year and where,
in my opinion, I was in Poltava one and a half hundred for
potatoes in the collective farm in the village no I am for  the war is
already behind the recruits yet
look here you are, in fact, in ukraine you
arrived there took
weeks a week
how you tell us that we are one people with the Russians
report the people as you can see that
your language is equally Tretyakov
let me talk for collapse whether they are behind the
cuts floor I  I say, but damn, of course,
than Vadim, I understand what is convenient for the
debate, he says I will be Ukrainian in
Russian, let's just think that the
very
1st stool where are you from is
Russian Russian  he understands you need the
percentage of the snake not well, then he understands, he does not
understand,
answering the skilks of
melodies, well, I don’t know the Ukrainian for
the Russian witch’s mind,
I can’t say
such big cheesecakes, is it not
all true,
yes,
then maybe the experience of the massacre
I don’t know, I don’t know, okay  I’ll go further I
was
n’t overwhelmed